---
layout: page
title: Glossary
permalink: /glossary
nav: true
nav_order: 5
dropdown: false
---

## A 

* **asset:** A tangible, geographically piece of the Earth surface defined as a _polygon_ of any shape by a list of latitude and longitude points. The first and the last point must be the same point to complete the polygon. Assets must be less than 1000 acres.


## D

* **domain:** The second part of the email address for a user, defined entirely by the characters after the `@`.  Common domains such as `gmail.com`, `yahoo.com`, etc.) are considered invalid.


## G

* **GeoID:** A 65-character alphanumeric string that represents a unique identifier for an asset in geometric and geographic space. The GeoID is generated by the asset registry as an output for a given unique asset boundary as input. For example, a GeoID might resemble the following string: `2ed244467542c7168b0dada8e57bf6f86a7c7ebddb44d0c0fc362dd1ff63d735`.


# R

* **Resolution level:** Represents the size of the geographical _cell_ of the earth surface ranging from more than 85 million km^2 to less than 1 cm^2, as delineated by the S2 API cell statistic for the S2 open source geospatial indexing library. The resolution is a number between 0 and 30 (inclusive of both. For more information, see [S2 Cell Statistics](https://s2geometry.io/resources/s2cell_statistics.html).


## S

* **S2 index:** A string _token_ that defines the geographical address of a unique S2 cell at any of the 31 levels of resolution. For more information about this open source standard, see [S2 Cell Hierarchy](https://s2geometry.io/devguide/s2cell_hierarchy). 

